no-strict-blocking: hosts-file.net true
no-strict-blocking: mytypewriter.com true
no-strict-blocking: shop.mango.com true
no-strict-blocking: store.nike.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.alibaba.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.aliexpress.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.bhphotovideo.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.mango.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.nike.com true
no-strict-blocking: www.rei.com true
behind-the-scene * 3p noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-frame noop
shop.adidas.co.in adidas.co.in * allow
shop.mango.com mango.com * allow
store.nike.com nike.com * allow
www.aliexpress.com alicdn.com * allow
www.aliexpress.com aliexpress.com * allow
www.jockeyindia.com jockeyindia.com * allow
www.nike.com nike.com * allow
www.rei.com rei.com * allow
www.thenorthface.com www.thenorthface.com * allow
